# RPID Meeting Agenda Items

   * Examples
   * Puppetizing
   * Karst Node
   * UAG
   * Profiles
   * Collections API
   
# RPID Meeting Minutes

## Examples

### Rice Genomics
   * RDA Adoption Project
   * Using a Galaxy Workflow - Linear and Max Projections
   * Portal at http://rocks-53.sdsc.edu:8079/testGUI/irri-index.html 
   * Strawman Profile: http://pragma8.cs.indiana.edu:8080/pragmapit-ext-0.2/pitapi/generic/20.5000.347/rdastrawman
   * Kernel Information Profile: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oU7EVlesXpQkzXmL7Bjfl9LGRGVogCKLmEWLl0SFq1Y/edit
   * Profile Identifier, will semantics in the suffix cause issues.
   
### SEADTrain
   * Started implementation using handle API
   * Using 5 MetaData fields
   * No extensions to the strawman 
   * Minting PIDs inside the seadtrain workflow. Using json strings with fields defined in strawman profile. 
   * Validation from user side is next step.
   * Extended API specifying Strawman profile
   * 30% preformance improvement using json block vs individual handles. 
   
### VM JetStream
### Textual Annotations
   * Needs handle service - Can use Indiana the dev handle service.
   * No real progress most work on Puppetizing.

## Puppetizing
   * Amazon accounts and puppet implementation. 
   * Collections API should be done by next meeting.
   * Finalize and test CTS-URN.
   * Puppetization review. 

## Karst Node
   * Hardware. 
   * July 5 or first Tuesday in August.

## UAG
   * Spreadsheet at https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hgNNMiBTsWxV26nGfDukZdAa5XiiV-wUQXUeJ5L2fCY/edit#gid=0
   * Brief description and what we expect out of members. Rob will write this up before next meeting. 
   * Need a mix of RDA and non-RDA people in advisory group. 

## Profiles
   * Concentrate on the Strawman profile and not introduce extended profiles under the current proposal.

## Collections API
   * Yu can install the Collection API
   * Created ~4k objects in each the Collection API and in Handle System
   * Very simple test with some preformance measuring
   * Batch operations in development and some preformance improvement already implemented
   * Goal to attach to a handle service for PID minting, but this is not available yet
   

