# RPID Meeting Agenda Items

   * Examples
   * Puppetizing
   * Karst Node
   * UAG
   
## Attendees: Larry, Isuru, Yu, Gabriel, Scott, Rob
## Apologies: Beth, Bridget
   
# RPID Meeting Minutes

## Examples

### SEADTrain
   * Completed SEADTrain workflow. 
   * Assinged PIDs to airbox data. 
   * VMs do data analysis. Creating and resolving working on separate. 
   * Dealing with domain specific metadata for research objects. 
   * Multiple data files each get a PID. Root level discription file. 
   * Created ~100 PIDs. 
   
### PRAGMA/Rice Genomics
   * Next steps data objects created from a Galaxy workflow. 
   * Granularity is the big question. Each object or bundles of objects. 
      * Comparing benefits of each option. 
      * Is both an option? Bundles and Items. 
      * Drive by use-cases. 
   * Two modles, general linear and max linear models. 

### Jetstream VMs
   * No update.

### Classics
   * No update. 

## Puppetizing
   * "I have some questions for the CNRI team on the x509 certificates in both the Handle Server and Cordra: will we be using only self-signed certificates in the test bed? Are we supporting HTTPS entry points on these? If so, the self-signed certs are likely to be problematic.  I was thinking we would do the initial setup with the self-signed certs generated by the services and allow for users of the puppet manifests to specify their own CA signed certs if they had them. Is this approach reasonable?"
   * "A second question, specifically on Cordra - have we decided on a handle component for DTR records? I note that Cordra defaults to adding a .1- to the handle prefix for DTR records (at least I think that's what it's doing). I know we had a discussion about prefix components and that handles given to users of the test bed will  be 11723.9.test.* . Where do the DTR records fit in this?"
   * Create a workflow document.
   
## Dev Nodes
   * Outage after internal maintenance. Scott is working to make sure servers are restarted on reboot. 

## Karst Node
   * Cordra 1.0.7 or 2.0 Beta?
   * Stay with 1.0.7 unless there are performance issues. 

## UAG
   * At https://rpidproject.github.io/rpid/UAG-Expectations/
